feat: update Mobile Wallet Adapter lesson (#451)
solana-foundation/developer-content: content/courses/mobile/mwa-deep-dive.md

Every time you want to call these methods, you will have to call
`wallet.authorize()` or `wallet.reauthorize()`.

When invoking `wallet.signAndSendTransactions(...)`, it’s essential to handle
transaction failures gracefully. Transactions can fail due to various reasons
such as network issues, signature mismatches, or insufficient funds. Proper
error handling ensures a smooth user experience, even when the transaction
process encounters issues:

```tsx
transact(async (wallet: Web3MobileWallet) => {
    try {
      const result = await wallet.signAndSendTransactions(...);
      // Handle success
    } catch (error) {
      console.error("Failed to sign and send transactions:", error);

>       // Implement error handling logic

Reviewer: Good catch and thanks!

Solana Mobile has done the vast majority of the heavy lifting by creating the
`mobile-wallet-adapter-walletlib`. This library handles all the low-level
communication between dApps and wallets:

```bash
npm @solana-mobile/mobile-wallet-adapter-walletlib
```

> > This package is still in alpha and is not production ready. However, the API

Reviewer: Is this still true?

request to an RPC provider, and then respond to the requesting dApp using a
`resolve` function.

> All the `resolve` function does is tell the dApp what happened and closes the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `resolve` function simply tells the dApp what happened and closes the
```

Before we start programming our wallet, we need to do some setup. You will need
a React Native development environment and a Solana dApp to test on. If you have
completed the
[Introduction to Solana Mobile lab](/content/courses/mobile/intro-to-solana-mobile),
both of these requirements should be met and the counter app installed on your
Android device/emulator.

If you _haven't_ completed/done the
[intro to solana mobile](/content/courses/mobile/intro-to-solana-mobile) you
will need to:

1. Setup an
   [Android React Native developer environment](https://reactnative.dev/docs/set-up-your-environment)
   with a device or emulator
2. Install a
   [Devnet Solana dApp](https://github.com/Unboxed-Software/solana-react-native-counter.git)
   by doing the following steps in your terminal:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Unboxed-Software/solana-react-native-counter.git
cd solana-react-native-counter
npm run install
```

#### 1. Planning out the app's structure

We are making the wallet from scratch, so let's look at our major building
blocks.

First, we'll make the actual wallet app (popup not included). This will include:

> - Creating a WalletProvider.tsx
> - Modifying the MainScreen.tsx
> - Modifying App.tsx

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Creating a `WalletProvider.tsx`
- Modifying the `MainScreen.tsx`
- Modifying `App.tsx`
```

Next, we'll make a boilerplate MWA app that displays 'Im a Wallet' anytime the
wallet is requested from a different dApp. This will include:

> - Creating a MWAApp.tsx
> - Modifying index.js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Creating a `MWAApp.tsx`
- Modifying `index.js`
```

Reviewer: Do this everywhere for filenames - thanks!

  fast-text-encoding
```

We need to depend on Solana's `mobile-wallet-adapter-walletlib` package, which
handles all of the low-level communication.

> A reminder that this package is still in alpha and is not production ready.
> However, the API is stable and will not change drastically, so you can begin

> > integration with your wallet.

Reviewer: If this is still true, you might want to use a ContentBox for this, see CONTRIBUTING.md

  // ------------------- EFFECTS --------------------

  useEffect(() => {
    const backHandler = BackHandler.addEventListener(
      "hardwareBackPress",
      () => {

>         resolve(currentRequest as any, {

Reviewer: Any way we can do this without `as any`?
